Relationship in the Browser Panel (#10586)
qgis/QGIS-Documentation: docs/user_manual/working_with_vector/joins_relations.rst

:ref:`log_message_panel`.

.. index:: Dataset-stored Relationships, Browser Panel
.. _`dataset_stored_relationships`:

Dataset-stored Relationships in the Browser Panel
========================================================

> Relationships define associations between tables in a database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Relationships define connections between tables in the database.
```
I wouldn't use association because it is a type of relationship strength. Let's not confuse.

This relationship is stored within the dataset itself and
can be managed through the QGIS Browser Panel.
The following option is available:

* :guilabel:`Name`: set the name of the new relationship.
* :guilabel:`Cardinality`: define the cardinality of the relationship.
* :guilabel:`Strength`: specify the strength of the relationship.
* Under the :guilabel:`Tables` and :guilabel:`Fields`, set your :guilabel:`Parent` and :guilabel:`Child` table.
* :guilabel:`Advanced` section allows you to set :guilabel:`Related table type`:

  * :guilabel:`features`: for standard feature tables.
  * :guilabel:`media`: for tables storing media files.
  * :guilabel:`simple_attributes`: for tables with simple attribute data.
  * :guilabel:`attributes`: for tables with complex attribute data.

>   * :guilabel:`tiles`: for tables storing tile data.

Reviewer: Let's then indent
```suggestion
    * :guilabel:`features`: for standard feature tables.
    * :guilabel:`media`: for tables storing media files.
    * :guilabel:`simple_attributes`: for tables with simple attribute data.
    * :guilabel:`attributes`: for tables with complex attribute data.
    * :guilabel:`tiles`: for tables storing tile data.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

  * :guilabel:`Forward label`: a name to uniquely identify the relationship when navigating
     from the parent table to the child table.
  * :guilabel:`Reverse label`:  a name to uniquely identify the relationship when navigating
     from the chid table to the parent table.
```
Seems [ESRI matters](https://pro.arcgis.com/en/pro-app/3.5/help/data/relationships/create-relationship-class-tool-parameters.htm)

Editing or deleting existing relationships can be done
by right-clicking on the relationship in the Browser Panel.

.. figure:: img/browser_panel_relationships.png
   :align: center
   :width: 400px

   Managing dataset-stored relationships in the Browser Panel

.. note:: **Dataset-stored vs Project-level Relationships**

   Relationships defined in the Browser Panel are stored within the dataset itself
   and influence how layers are loaded into a project.
   When parent and child layers are loaded, QGIS automatically creates temporary
   project relations based on these dataset-stored relationships.
   Go to :menuselection:`Project --> Properties --> Relations` to view
   and manage these temporary project relations.
   For more details on project-level relations and how they interact with

>    database-stored relationships, see :ref:`vector_relations`.

Reviewer: I think we can then remove this note because:
* the section is now placed within the relations block
* details are placed in the introduction paragraph

```suggestion
```
